'Cause appears 2 times 
'em appears 4 times 
All appears 2 times 
And appears 5 times 
But appears 2 times 
Fists appears 1 times 
Flying appears 1 times 
Holding appears 3 times 
I appears 18 times 
I've appears 1 times 
It's appears 2 times 
Just appears 2 times 
Let appears 3 times 
Like appears 2 times 
My appears 1 times 
Put appears 1 times 
Rocking appears 2 times 
Sitting appears 1 times 
So appears 1 times 
So, appears 1 times 
Something appears 2 times 
Thank appears 1 times 
That's appears 2 times 
The appears 3 times 
This appears 6 times 
Though appears 1 times 
Thoughts appears 1 times 
Trying appears 1 times 
Until appears 2 times 
Waiting appears 1 times 
We appears 2 times 
What appears 1 times 
Wishing appears 1 times 
With appears 1 times 
Yeah appears 2 times 
a appears 4 times 
again appears 1 times 
air appears 2 times 
all appears 4 times 
an appears 1 times 
and appears 3 times 
at appears 3 times 
begin? appears 1 times 
beginning appears 2 times 
but appears 1 times 
caught appears 1 times 
come appears 1 times 
control appears 1 times 
dead appears 1 times 
disappear appears 2 times 
do appears 3 times 
don't appears 1 times 
empty appears 1 times 
empty's appears 2 times 
end appears 3 times 
ending appears 1 times 
even appears 1 times 
every appears 2 times 
eye appears 1 times 
fear appears 2 times 
feels appears 2 times 
felt appears 1 times 
figure appears 1 times 
fire appears 1 times 
fists appears 1 times 
flying appears 2 times 
for appears 4 times 
forget appears 3 times 
get appears 1 times 
go appears 1 times 
gone? appears 1 times 
got appears 5 times 
had appears 2 times 
hard appears 1 times 
hardest appears 1 times 
haven't appears 5 times 
head appears 1 times 
holding appears 4 times 
how appears 2 times 
in appears 5 times 
invisible appears 2 times 
is appears 9 times 
it appears 12 times 
it's appears 1 times 
kept appears 1 times 
kind appears 1 times 
know appears 5 times 
last appears 1 times 
left appears 2 times 
let appears 1 times 
lie appears 2 times 
life appears 3 times 
light appears 1 times 
like appears 5 times 
listen appears 2 times 
living appears 2 times 
many appears 1 times 
me appears 1 times 
meant appears 1 times 
mercy appears 2 times 
mind appears 1 times 
mouth appears 1 times 
move appears 2 times 
moving appears 2 times 
my appears 3 times 
never appears 1 times 
new appears 3 times 
not appears 5 times 
now appears 2 times 
of appears 7 times 
on appears 8 times 
onto appears 2 times 
out appears 2 times 
pain appears 2 times 
part appears 1 times 
past appears 1 times 
picking appears 1 times 
pieces, appears 1 times 
planned appears 1 times 
revision appears 2 times 
rhythm appears 2 times 
right appears 2 times 
riot appears 2 times 
room appears 1 times 
said appears 1 times 
say appears 2 times 
see appears 1 times 
so appears 1 times 
something appears 5 times 
sound appears 2 times 
speed appears 1 times 
spinning appears 1 times 
stand appears 1 times 
starting appears 1 times 
steady appears 2 times 
storm appears 1 times 
strength appears 1 times 
takes appears 2 times 
tell appears 1 times 
that appears 3 times 
the appears 22 times 
there appears 2 times 
things appears 2 times 
this appears 4 times 
though appears 1 times 
thought appears 1 times 
to appears 18 times 
tone appears 2 times 
trade appears 3 times 
trying appears 1 times 
unsaid appears 1 times 
up appears 5 times 
violent appears 2 times 
voice appears 2 times 
wanna appears 3 times 
was appears 4 times 
wasn't appears 1 times 
we appears 2 times 
we're appears 4 times 
went appears 1 times 
were appears 2 times 
what appears 10 times 
when appears 1 times 
where appears 1 times 
wish appears 1 times 
within appears 2 times 
words appears 2 times 
wrong appears 1 times 
yeah appears 4 times 
you appears 4 times 
